docs(core): update readme in English and Chinese (#2664)
questdb/questdb: README.md

# QuestDB

QuestDB is a high-performance, open-source time-series database for applications
where timely data ingestion and querying is critical. It is widely used with
financial market data, application metrics, sensor data, realtime analytics and
dashboards, and infrastructure monitoring.

QuestDB uses ANSI SQL and benefits from time-series SQL semantics. These SQL
semantics make it simple to correlate data from multiple sources using
relational and time-series joins. QuestDB achieves high performance from a
column-oriented storage model, parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions,

> and various low-latency techniques. The entire codebase was built from the

Reviewer: The entire codebase was built  >> is built

# QuestDB

QuestDB is an open-source time-series database for high throughput ingestion and
fast SQL queries with operational simplicity. It supports schema-agnostic
ingestion using the InfluxDB line protocol, PostgreSQL wire protocol, and a REST
API for bulk imports and exports.

QuestDB is well suited for financial market data, application metrics, sensor
data, real-time analytics, dashboards, and infrastructure monitoring.

QuestDB uses ANSI SQL and benefits from time-series SQL semantics. It is simple

> to correlate data from multiple sources using relational and time-series joins.

Reviewer: QuestDB uses ANSI SQL and benefits from time-series SQL semantics. It is simple
to correlate data from multiple sources using relational and time-series joins.

I would change to

QuestDB implements ANSI SQL with native time-series SQL semantics. These semantics 
make it easy to correlate data from multiple sources using relational and time-series joins.

We achieve high performance from a column-oriented storage model,

> parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions, and various low-latency

Reviewer: We achieve high performance from a column-oriented storage model,
parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions, and various low-latency
techniques.

I would change to

QuestDB's architecture is focused on performance with a column-oriented storage model,
parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions, and low-latency
techniques.

# QuestDB

QuestDB is an open-source time-series database for high throughput ingestion and
fast SQL queries with operational simplicity. It supports schema-agnostic
ingestion using the InfluxDB line protocol, PostgreSQL wire protocol, and a REST
API for bulk imports and exports.

QuestDB is well suited for financial market data, application metrics, sensor
data, realtime analytics, dashboards, and infrastructure monitoring.

> QuestDB uses ANSI SQL and benefits from time-series SQL semantics. These SQL
> semantics make it simple to correlate data from multiple sources using
> relational and time-series joins. QuestDB achieves high performance from a
> column-oriented storage model, parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions,
> and various low-latency techniques. The entire codebase is built from the ground
> up in Java and C++, with no dependencies, and is 100% free from garbage
> collection.

Reviewer 2: trying to simplify these sentences, reduce repetition.

```suggestion
QuestDB uses ANSI SQL and benefits from time-series SQL semantics. They
make it easy to correlate data from multiple sources using relational
and time-series joins.

High performance is achieved from a column-oriented storage model,
parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions and various low-latency
techniques. The entire codebase is built from scratch in Java and C++,
with no dependencies, and is 100% free from garbage collection.
```

Author: Thanks! for the second paragraph tho I'd still avoid passive voice (which is generally not recommended in technical writing.)

Reviewer 2: Id like to avoid every paragraph starting with `QuestDB`, looks very monotonic, that's why choice different phrase

Author: @argshook  brainstorming, how about

> We optimize the performance using column-oriented storage model, parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions, and various low-latency techniques.

or 

> We achieve high performance using column-oriented storage model, parallelized vector execution, SIMD instructions, and various low-latency techniques.

Reviewer 2: Maybe the second one?

I updated my code suggestion with that one, if you'd choose to use it

You can interact with QuestDB using the following interfaces:

- [Web Console](https://questdb.io/docs/develop/web-console/) for interactive
  SQL editor on port `9000`
- [InfluxDB line protocol](https://questdb.io/docs/reference/api/influxdb/) for
  high-throughput ingestion on port `9009`
- [REST API](https://questdb.io/docs/reference/api/rest/) on port `9000`
- [PostgreSQL wire protocol](https://questdb.io/docs/reference/api/postgres/) on
  port `8812`

### Insert data

Below are our official InfluxDB line protocol clients for popular programming
languages:

- [.NET](https://github.com/questdb/net-questdb-client)
- [C/C++](https://github.com/questdb/c-questdb-client)
- [Go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/questdb/go-questdb-client)
- [Java](https://questdb.io/docs/reference/clients/java_ilp/)
- [NodeJS](https://questdb.github.io/nodejs-questdb-client)
- [Python](https://py-questdb-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [Rust](https://docs.rs/crate/questdb-rs/latest)

## How QuestDB compares to other open source TSDBs

> [This article](https://questdb.io/blog/2021/07/05/comparing-questdb-timescaledb-influxdb/)

Reviewer 3: Any reason we don't use this one too?

Author: not sure I understand your question?
